Subbyx logo Subbyx Share Show more options Senior Back End Developer  Milan, Lombardy, Italy · 3 weeks ago · 30 applicants Promoted by hirer · Actively reviewing applicants  On-siteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is On-site.  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.  Mid-Senior level Skills: MySQL, Redis, +6 more See how you compare to 34 applicants. Reactivate Premium  Easy Apply  Save Save Senior Back End Developer  at Subbyx  33% Resume Match 4 of 12 keywords Simplify Senior Back End Developer Subbyx · Milan, Lombardy, Italy (On-site)  Easy Apply  Save Save Senior Back End Developer  at Subbyx Show more options Meet the hiring team Federica Rossi Federica Rossi   3rd Sub to Freedom | CPO & Co-Founder Job poster  Message About the job Your mission  Build, scale and maintain Subbyx backend on different platforms, aiming to reach perfection and efficiency.   Sub to freedom   Freedom of choosing what you need, for how long you need it, without any sort of commitment. Freedom to change your mind and your behavior, whenever you want. Freedom of trying something new, without needing to worry if you don’t like it. Freedom from debts and commitment. If you can’t carry on, cancel. Whenever. Freedom from purchasing and producing waste. Give it back when you don’t need it anymore, we’ll give it a new life. Our mission is ambitious: to create and consolidate an alternative consumption model based on a simple monthly fee to achieve circularity and financial sustainability. Easy to say, harder to do. That’s why we need you!   A few examples of your daily tasks  Help define the architecture of our new platforms Constantly improve the quality of our infrastructure: bugs fixing, refactoring, scalability. Expand our set of tools, libraries, technologies to boost efficiency and productivity. Train, mentor and manage a team of junior developers with a great drive to learn from the bests.   Is this you?  3-5 years on node.js Experience with different database: MongoDB - MySQL Experience with queuing systems: RabbitMQ - Kafka Knowledge of Redis is a + Knowledge of AWS lambdas, cognito, api gateway is a + Passionate about your job Willing to learn and go the extra mile if needed Ready to make mistakes and improve by doing them Team-work and goal-oriented approach Ability to work independently with high problem solving skills Down to earth and open to take a step back if needed Motivated to build an empire   What we offer  An incredibly talented team Extreme learning curve Fast growth opportunities Motivation, inspiration and challenges Flexibility and total transparency Competitive salary Welfare Stock options and performance bonuses